= salty

stupid little gem for salted hashing (for, eg, user passwords)

== Installation
Just

    $ gem install salty

and you're good.

If you want, you can also just

    $ wget https://raw.github.com/alecbenzer/salty/master/lib/salty.rb

and get the file locally. It's less than 1KB.

== Usage

    require 'salty'  # you may need to do './salty' if you used wget

    password = salty("mypassword") # iterative salted SHA1 hash

    if salty_eq("mypassword",password)
      puts "You're logged in!"
    else
      puts "Wrong password"
    end

A salt is generated and embeded in the output from (({salty("mypassword")})). (({salty_eq})) will then extract this salt. So there is no need to handle the salt yourself.

Obviously, the order of arguments to (({salty_eq})) is important. The plain-text data must come first, followed by the previously-hashed data.

== Contributing to salty
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Alec Benzer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

